release Federation 2.10.0 (#3213)
apollographql/federation: .changeset/five-ways-accept.md

---
"apollo-federation-integration-testsuite": minor
"@apollo/query-planner": minor
"@apollo/query-graphs": minor
"@apollo/composition": minor
"@apollo/federation-internals": minor
"@apollo/subgraph": minor
"@apollo/gateway": minor
---

> 
> release Federation 2.10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This version is the same as Federation 2.9.3 plus the ability to compose and serialize directives for [Apollo Connectors](https://go.apollo.dev/connectors). To use Apollo Connectors, compose your supergraphs using [GraphOS](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/platform/schema-management) or [rover](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/rover/commands/dev), and run your supergraph in [Apollo Router](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/routing) 2.0.0 or higher.

Reviewer: Not sure what the changelog will end up looking like, but I think this will be one entry under a "Minor changes" header, not the entire changelog.

So maybe this should just read "Adds the ability...", so cutting off the note about 2.10.0 / 2.9.3?

> This version is the same as Federation 2.9.3 plus the ability to compose and serialize directives for [Apollo Connectors](https://go.apollo.dev/connectors). To use Apollo Connectors, compose your supergraphs using [GraphOS](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/platform/schema-management) or [rover](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/rover/commands/dev), and run your supergraph in [Apollo Router](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/routing) 2.0.0 or higher.

Author: ```suggestion
Adds the ability to compose and serialize directives for [Apollo Connectors](https://go.apollo.dev/connectors). To use Apollo Connectors, compose your supergraphs using [GraphOS](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/platform/schema-management) or [rover](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/rover/commands/dev), and run your supergraph in [Apollo Router](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/routing) 2.0.0 or higher.
```
